#   Copyright
#
#      Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL section to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "tility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less

=pod

=head1 NAME

colortest-python - Display color test chart and convert between color values

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  colortest-python

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Displays 256, 88 and 16 color tables depending on what the terminal
supports. Also provides for conversion between 256 and 88 color
values.

The program automatically detects 8, 16, 88, 256 color capabilities
(via ncurses) and displays the appropriate color charts. Program can
display the colors as blocks or 2d cubes optionally with color values
overlaid in int or hex values, it can show the full rgb text string
and show the display with a vertical (default) or horizontal
orientation.

In addition to the color charts it can also convert between 256 and
88 color values. This can be useful when converting various terminals
like between urxvt and xterm-256.

The goal of this program was to provide the functionality of all the
various Perl and sh scripts in one place with some bells and whistles.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-b, --block>

Display as block format (vs cube) [default].

=item B<-c, --cube-slice>

Display as cube slices (vs block).

=item B<-e NUMBER, --88to256=NUMBER>

Convert (expand) 88 color value NUMBER to an 256 color value.

=item B<-h, --help>

Display sort help.

=item B<-n, --numbers>

Include color escape numbers on chart.

=item B<-l, --rgb>

Long format. RGB values as text.

=item B<-p, --padding>

Add extra padding (helps discern colors).

=item B<-r NUMBER, --256to88=NUMBER >

Convert (reduce) 256 color value NUMBER to an 88 color value.

=item B<-v, --vertical>

Display with vertical orientation [default].

=item B<--version>

Show program's version number and exit

=item B<-x, --hex>

Include hex color numbers on chart.

=item B<-z, --horizontal>

Display with horizontal orientation.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

colortest-8(1)
colortest-16(1)
colortest-16b(1)
colortest-16b(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Thomas John Eikenberry <jae@zhar.net>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>, for
the Debian GNU system (but may be used by others). Released under
license GNU GPL version 3 or (at your option) any later version. For
more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
